You're as useless as the 'ueue' in 'queue'.
Mirrors can't talk.Lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your only chance of getting laid is to crawl up a chicken's butt and wait.
Some day you'll go far... and I hope you stay there.
You must have been born on a highway cos' that's where most accidents happen.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
If i wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
When I see your face there's not a thing I would change.. excpet the direction I was walking in.
Hold still.I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
You’re the reason God created the middle finger.
I’d give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?
The people who tolerate you on a daily basis are the real heroes.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I’d fart.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
You are so full of shit, the toilet’s jealous.
Stupidity isn’t a crime, so you’re free to go.
Don’t you get tired of putting makeup on your two faces every morning?
Do your parents even realize they’re living proof that two wrongs don’t make a right?
Please just tell me you don’t plan to home-school your kids.
You’re like the end pieces of a loaf of bread. Everyone touches you, but nobody wants you.
Your face makes onions cry.
Isn’t there a bullet somewhere you could be jumping in front of?
You’re not stupid! You just have bad luck when you’re thinking.
Have a nice day, somewhere else.
Everyone’s entitled to act stupid once in a while, but you really abuse the privilege.
Hey, your village called, they want their idiot back.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
I am returning your nose. I found it in my business.
Good story, but in what chapter do you shut up?
There are some remarkably dumb people in this world. Thanks for helping me understand that.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear it’s a beautiful day.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
Earth is full. Go home.
Keep rolling your eyes, you might eventually find a brain.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn’t be enough to blow your hat off.
Remember when I asked for your opinion? Me neither.
I believed in evolution until I met you.
I envy people who have never met you.
My mum told me to take out the trash but i couldn’t find you.
If being ugly was a crime, you would get a life sentence.
Your face could scare the shit of out of a toilet.
Seriously? You were the sperm that won??
They say beauty is on the inside. You better hope that's true.
They say people get what they deserve. In your case it's a participation trophy.
You are so ugly your portraits hang themselves.
Anyone willing to fuck you, is just too lazy to mastrubate.
Wait, if you are here, who is scaring away the crows from our crops?
Dude, your face looks like something I would graw with my left hand.
God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth.
When i say I'm rolling a giast fatty, I don't mean a joint, I mean you.
I wish i had more hands so I could show you more middle fingers.
You know ther's no vaccine for stupidity, right?
I’d smack you, but that would be animal abuse.
My middle finger gets a boner every time I see you.
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, I want to be there in case it needs help.
You'r the reason there's makeup.
Roses are red, violets are blue, god made me pretty what happened to u?
Your cock is so small you piss in your balls.
You're so ugly that god had to look away.
Yo mama so hairy, when she went to the store, they said "no pets allowed".
If you became a store manager not even a Karen would speak to you.
Oooh I see its shut the fuck up o clock!